The Saudis said that the snakes consulted each other and decided to carry out her command, fearing that if the mother's wish was frustrated and she would burn them down
And on the other hand, if she find grace in their sight, she shall free them from the curse.
"We will definitely blacken the horse's tail." ""
It is said that the snakes then went and became the ends of the horses tail
The two women, Kadru and Vidathai, daughters and sisters of Daksha, the best of the O Brahmins, rushed out of the sky to see the sea
As they walked, they saw the water reservoir, which could not be easily disturbed, suddenly being shaken by a strong wind and roaring
The whales, the big fish, the butterflies, the thousands of different forms of life, the wild animals, the inaccessible deep, the mines of all kinds of gems, the home of the Varuna, the home of the Nagas, the king of all rivers, the location of the fire beneath the earth, the home of the Asuras, the home of all the terrible creatures, the aquatic reserves, the scent, the wonderful, the source of the first of the gods, the unfathomable, the unfathomable, the pure, the holy water of the holy waters of the thousands of great waters, and the calm and serene waters of the thousands of rivers that flowed over the land.
The two sea-sisters, who were as large as the sky with their billowing waves, were quick to cross, deep, torrid by the fire beneath the earth, and cursing

Saudi said that after crossing the sea, Katru, with the help of his sister, got down near the horse.
They found that the first of the fastest horses, the horse, had a white body and black hair, like the moon
Pointing to the fact that the horse had a lot of black hair on its tail, Kathru made the extremely beleaguered reaction his slave
She lost the race and was devastated to hear that she had entered into slavery
At the same time, the personification of his willpower, the ability to go where he thought he wanted, the power of Gandhi, the power of Gandhi, the power of his mind, the power of his hands, when his time came, he brightened all the points of the universe and broke the egg without the help of his mother
He shone fearfully with the light of a heap of fire
The bird was like a flash of lightning and Gandhi like the fire of the end of an age.
As soon as she was born, she grew up, grew up, and flew in the sky
He was a fierce and passionate man, and he looked like a second sea fire.
All the gods who saw him were frightened and sought protection from Vibhavas
And they bowed themselves to the image of the god that sat on his throne, and worshipped, and said, Fire, make not thy flesh to multiply, and shall we eat? behold, these great clouds come up, that they may increase abundantly. And they said, Not as you think, O fire, and as you think, so be it.
He is like me in the light, in the darkness of the mighty, in the joy of the mighty.
The bright light that you see has caused this frenzy in you
He is the destroyer of the Nagas, the great son of the Khasibar, and the benefactor of the gods, and the enemy of the Tahitians and the giants.
Dont worry about him.
Come and see me.
he told the gods.
The gods saw the darkness from a distance, and said, O sage, you are the one who shares most of the wealth of the world, the one who ever shines, the one who ever shines, the one who is the master of the motion and the one who never moves.
You are the destroyer of everything, the creator of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the creator of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things, the destroyer of all things.
Thou art the spirit that encompasseth us, the spirit that passeth by: thou art God unto the gods, thou art the great truth, the fear, the fear: thou art the immaculate Brahman, the power of the sun, the works of the will, thou art our saviour, the ocean of the gods, thou art the Holy One, the personification of darkness, the possessor of the six guns. thou art the one that cannot overcome us in the games.
And all things are of thee, and thou doest wondrous works. all things that are not, even that which is not, are thou.
You are the One who appears to us, as the Sun gives light by its rays. You are the One who covers up the light of the sun, the One who destroys everything, the One who does not destroy and the One who does not destroy.
O thou that dwellest in darkness, O thou that dwellest in fire, that holdest the earth in fury,
O thou that dwellest in the midst of a flood, thou that dwellest in the midst of a flood, thou that destroyest not, even thou that destroyest not
O mighty Dark One, we beg you for our safety.
O the manna of the birds, you are the one who shines like a lightning, with the power beyond what is normal, and Gandhi like fire.
Thou art he that toucheth the clouds: thou art the Giver of gifts, the Mighty One of invincible.
O God, the world is warmed by thy love, as gold that is set on a vesture.
Save the gods of the spirits of the dead, that fly about in the earth in their carriages, for fear of you.
O thou fairest of all birds, thou art the chief of all, the son of the merciful, the high spirit, the son of Cassius, be merciful, and not angry with the universe.
You are the leader.
Reduce your anger and save us
With your voice, O bird, you make the ten points of the universe, the sky, the heavens, the earth, and our hearts to tremble.
Let your body condense like fire
When we see you with an angry Yamana-like Gandhi, we are shaken by the loss of peace in our hearts.
O thou chief of the birds. let thy mercy, O thou chief of the fowls, be good to us, and grant us joy and gladness, O thou exalted one.
This beautiful bird, admired by the gods and saints, reduced its strength and gandhi

Saudi said, after listening to everything, the beautiful winged bird saw his body and shortened his figure
"" "Don't worry," "the bird said to the black man," "because you are afraid of my terrible figure, so I'm shrinking my energy." ""
The Saudi continued, the bird was able to stay where it wanted without any hindrance, how much power and how much power he wanted, and carrying Arunan on his back, followed his father's house and landed on the beach on his mother's side across the ocean.
But when the sun was determined to burn the world with its own rays, he placed the Great Sun in the East
Saunagar said, When did the appreciable sun decide to burn the worlds?
What did the gods do to provoke him to anger?
O Sins, O Sins, the Sun and the Moon betrayed us by standing by the gods and drinking Amudha while crossing the Red Sea for Amudha
From then on, he hated the gods
He was angry that Rahu devoured his enemy and this hatred of Raghu started from my desire to do good to the Gods
"" "I'm the only one who enjoys it"
"" "I didn't get any help at that time"
I am going to be swallowed up in front of all the heavenly beings, and they are going to quietly allow this
So I'm going to destroy the world.
The determined Sun went to the West Mountains
From there, he expressed his heat everywhere to destroy the world.
"The great sages, who went to the gods, said," "Here, in the middle of the night, the heat threatens every heart and destroys three worlds." ""
Why do the gods and the sages go to the great lord and cause this heat to rise and frighten him?
"They said," "O chief, what will happen if he rises?" ""
The Great One is, indeed, ready today for the end of the world
Whenever he shows up, he burns everything to ashes
"" "I have already done that"
Everyone knows Arunan, the intelligent son of Kashibar
He, along with his large body and great Gandhi, stands in front of the sun and is his rider and takes away all the power of the former
"This action will ensure the good of the world, and the good of the sages and the inhabitants of the world." ""
The Saudis continued, and Arunan did whatever he was asked to do, as per the orders of the Great Master
Arun's body exhumed by the sun
Why was the sun so angry?
Ask the next question you asked a while ago

"Saudi said," "The mighty bird, who can go to any place of his choice, went to his mother's place and landed on the beach"
There, Vidai failed the race and lived a miserable life as a slave
Once, Kathru called for a question
When she fell down and got up, Kadru, in front of her son, in the middle of the sea, was a soft reaction, where no one could reach, where there were beautiful and delightful snakes.
Take me there.
After saying this, the mother of the beautiful winged bird carried the mother of the snakes
At the behest of his mother, he picked up the snakes
The astrologer, who was born to Vinda, stood up to the sun
So the snakes were shot by the suns rays and fainted
Seeing the condition of her nephews, Kadru prayed to Indra saying, I worship you.
I worship you, O God, the one who killed the prize. I worship you.
O you that have thousands of eyes, you that have slain a moth, you that have slain a snake, you that have been slain by the sun, you shall save with your dew.
Oh, the best of Gods! You are our best protector.
O Purandara, you are the one who orders the rains during the season.
You are the gas, the cloud, the fire, and the lightning.
You are the one who spreads the clouds, you are the great cloud
You are the unique, the terrible thunder and the thundering clouds
You created the world and destroyed it.
You cant win.
You are the light of all living beings, Adithya, Vibhas, and the wonderful Gods.
You are the God of all gods.
You are Vishnu.
Thousands of them!
You, God, are the ultimate security.
O God, thou art the most excellent, the most excellent.
You are the Moon, You are the Moon
You grow and you grow.
The fault is you, the cast is you, the art is you
You are the year, the seasons are you, the months are you, the nights are you, the days are you.
You are a beautiful land, full of mountains and forests
The sky is your sunshine
You are the ocean full of whales, whales, fish, and other creatures.
You are the one who is admired by the sages and the wise
You are the one who drinks the lethargy of yokes, the pure ghee with spells, for the benefit of all living beings in the world.
You are the one who is always worshipped by the Brahmans who desire the fruits of desire.
You are the Almighty, the One who is recited in the Scriptures and in the Scriptures.
You are the reason why the learned Brahmins always pray and study the Vedas with great care.

And it shall be, when the sun is risen, that he shall cover the sky with blue clouds,
"" "Pour out your holy drops, not your life," "he said, to the Ammas."
The clouds glistened with lightning and thunder, and the sky was filled with rain
The amazing, awe - inspiring, and continual watering of the clouds made it look like the end of the age
Heavy rains accompanied by gusty winds
The sky seemed to be swaying with thunder and lightning, with the wind and thunder
The sky was overcast with clouds
The sun and the moon disappeared completely due to incessant rains
Snakes were delighted by the rain of Indra
The earth is filled with water.
Clear, cool water flows down to the bottom
The earth was surrounded by countless tidal waves
Snakes and their mother reached the island of Ramayagamen

"Saudi said," "The rain-soaked snakes were very happy after that." ""
The beautiful winged bird rushed to the island to carry itself
The island was determined by the Creator of the universe as the location of the pollen
There they saw a terrible sea of salt
Those who came with Garuda felt that there was a beautiful underwater forest on the seabed and that the music of the feathered musicians was everywhere
There, clusters of trees were filled with a variety of flowers and fruits
There were beautiful palaces too
It was also filled with lotus lakes.
There were many lakes with clean water
There was excitement because of the fresh air
There were many trees that grew only in the Malayan hills
They were tall enough to reach the sky
In many other trees, their flowers fell and spread beautifully with the help of a thicket
Thus, the forest was beautiful and always a delight and a delight for the devotees
It was full of intoxicating beetles eating wine from flowers.
"" "All these scenes were very enjoyable"
For many reasons, the forest was pleasing, beautiful and sacred
It echoed the sounds of many birds and brought joy to the grandsons of Katru
The snakes came to the forest and spent their time happily
Let them lead us to some other beautiful, clean, watery island, to the mighty King of the Birds, Lord of Power.
"" "Since you didn't fly, you must have seen so many beautiful places when you flew like this" ""
"After thinking about it for a while, Garu asked his mother," "Mother, why should I carry out all the orders of these snakes?" ""
"When I was asked this question, I said to my son, who is a man of all virtues, power and strength:" "O best of all birds, by my misfortune, I was enslaved to my brother." ""
"" "The snakes cheated me, defeated me in the race and put me in this situation"
Upon hearing his mother say this, the skydiver was so distressed that he asked the snakes, if I bring something, or if I get knowledge of something, or if I do something heroic, then tell me, we will be free from this slavery.
"The Saudis continued," "Snakes who heard this, bring your strength to me." ""
O bird, you will be free from slavery.

"Saudi said," "When the snakes said this, I went with Garuda to his mother and brought Amudha."
"" "I want to eat something"
Please guide me
In the distance, in the middle of the ocean, there is a beautiful dwelling place for the Nishadars
You shall eat the thousands of Nishad there, and you shall bring them for your offerings.
But do not try to take the life of a Brahmin into your mind
The Brahmin should not be killed in all living beings.
He's really like a fire.
When a Brahmin becomes angry, he becomes like a fire, or like the sun, or a weapon with a sharp end, or a poison.
The Brahmin is said to be the leader of all living beings.
For this and other reasons, the Brahmin is revered among the virtuous
O my son, if thou be angry, slay not the Brahmins.
O sinless man, even the sun and fire cannot burn like the fire of a brahmin who had severe fasts
You can find a good Brahmin with many such references
The Brahman is the first of all living beings
First of four colours
He is the father and the leader of all living beings.
And he said, O mother, in what form shall a Brahmin be, and what is his conduct, and what are his powers, and whether he is as bright as fire, or whether he is silent? O mother, what good signs can you recognize a Brahmin?
"The question was," "O good-for-nothing man, when you enter your throat, know as if you were a fish or a coal burner, the best among the Brahmins." ""
You should not kill any Brahmin in anger
"She said," "Because of her love for her son, once again, you should know that the one who cannot be digested by your bowels is a good Brahmin." ""
Confused and disappointed by the snakes, she blessed her son with all her heart, even though she knew of his unique strength
Let the sun, and the moon, and the stars, and the planets, and the stars, and the planets, and the stars, and the planets.
The fire shall keep your head, the spears shall save your whole body.
I am here for your benefit
"She said," "You fool, go and finish your work safely." ""
The Saudis continued, and, listening to his mother's words, he stretched out his wings and climbed up into the sky
The rich and hungry man hurried and fell on the soothsayers like another building.
He wanted to kill the Nishadars and created a huge dust storm and hid the sky
He drew water from the sea and shook the trees that grew on the mountains
The king of the birds, with his mouth, closed the main gates of the city of the Nishadars and enlarged the gate
The Nishadas ran in the direction of his open mouth, eating the snake with great speed.
Just as thousands of birds roared into the sky from the trees of the forest, blinded by the dust of the storm, the Nishadas fell into the open to welcome them
Then the chief of the astrologers, the one who destroyed those enemies, the one who had great power, the one who moved with great pleasure to finish his work, the one who was hungry.

Saudi continued, a Brahmin and his wife entered the applicant's throat.
The former shot the bird in the throat as if it were a woodpecker
And he said unto him, O thou fairest of the Brahmins, when thou openest my mouth unto thee, get thee out quickly.
"" "Even if a Brahmin is involved in any sinful act, I should not have been killed," "he said"
"When he said this to her, the Brahmin said," "Oh, let this Nishat, my wife, also come out with me"
"" "Then bring out with you the woman of the house, (the wife) of the Nishads, with you, quickly." ""
Save yourself without delay, as you are not yet digested by the heat of my intestines.
The Brahmin along with his wife came out with the Nishad and praised Garuda and went the way he wanted to
As soon as the Brahmin came out with his wife, the king of the bird spread out his wings and flew up with speed
And then he saw his father, and he spoke to the impeccable black man he called, and he spoke to him correctly.
"The great sage asked," "Are you well? Are you getting enough food every day? Are you getting enough food in the world of men?" ""
With Garuda, my mother is fine.
My brother and I are the same
But Father, I don't always get enough food, so I don't have peace in my heart.
I have been sent by snakes to bring a wonderful miracle
To free my mother from slavery, I must bring it today
My mother ordered me to feed the Nishadars
I ate them in thousands, but my hunger was not satisfied.
Therefore, O you worthy of praise, show me some other food, so that I may be strong enough to take the elixir of life.
"" "Show me the right food to quench my hunger and thirst." ""
The lake you see near Kashipar Garuda is considered to be very sacred
It is also known in the world of God.
It has an elephant with its face downwards, constantly pulling its brother turtle
Let me tell you in detail about the rivalry between the two from the beginning
I'll explain why they're here. Listen carefully.
There was a time when there was a saint called Vibhavasur
"" "He was very angry"
He had one younger brother.
He was not willing to share his wealth with his brother.
Supreggan was always talking about division
Some time later, it would be foolish for humans to look at Vibhavasur Supratika and, out of a blind desire for wealth, want to divide the ancestral wealth that came through their father's line
After splitting the inheritance, they will continue to fight with each other over the illusory illusions of wealth
Then, under the guise of friends between the ignorant and the selfish, the enemies point out the flaws and create divisions, the conflict becomes stronger, and the latter fall one after the other.
Complete destruction will soon reach the survivors
For this reason, the wise do not approve of the split between brothers, so that the dissenting brothers live in fear of one another, shunning official literature
"But Supratika, instead of accepting my advice, said," "You always want to arrange your personal wealth, and therefore you will be an elephant." ""
And the cursed man looked at Vibhavasur, and cursed him, and said, Thou also shalt go over as a turtle, that wanders in the middle of thee.
Such fools as Suprathikan and Vibhavasur cursed each other for their wealth and became elephants and goats respectively
Because of their anger, they became such low animals.
They have always been proud of their wealth and weight and have always fostered enmity among themselves
The two big animals in the lake are perfectly suited for their ancestral enmity
Here's a look at one of them, this big, handsome elephant, is still getting closer.
An underwater elephant with a large body can hear the elephants splash and come out and violently mix the lake
Upon seeing the turtle, the elephant turns its praise and runs into the water
With great power, it mixes the movement of its teeth, its praise, its tail and its feet with the waters of the lake full of fish
The mighty turtle also comes forward to attack with its head raised
The elephant is six yojana in height and twice its circumference
The tortoise has a height of three yojanas and a circumference of ten yojanas
Let them both eat, for they are mad, and ready to attack each other, and then do what you will.
"He said," "Eat the wild elephant, which looks like a mountain, and like a multitude of black clouds." ""
The Saudis continued, saying to the black man, You will be blessed when you fight the gods.
O egg-laying people, may the full Kumbh, the Brahmans, the cows, and other sacred things bless you!
O mighty one, when you fight with the gods, Rick, Yajur, Cham, and the sacred ointment, and all the mysteries, let them make you strong.
He went to the lake with Garh, who was blessed by his father
He saw a variety of birds around the clear waters
The aviator remembered his father's words and clung the elephant on one leg and the tortoise on the other
Then the bird flew high
Upon reaching the holy place of Alamba Tirtha, he found many divine trees
With the wind blowing from his wings, the trees began to tremble with fear
The golden branches of divine trees feared that we might be broken
Seeing the trees that gave the desired gifts tremble with fear, the astronaut sought out other trees of unique beauty
The great trees were branches of gold and silver, and fruit with precious stones
They were cleaned by sea water
When the king of the birds approached the tree, which was the largest of the trees, he said, 'Sit on my big branch, which is a hundred yojanas wide, and feed the elephant and the tortoise.'
As he was sitting on the branch of the banyan tree, which was full of leaves and home to thousands of winged creatures, he broke down

As soon as he touched the mighty black horse with his feet,
The branch of the tree was broken and he grabbed it with the thick darkness
With his eyes turned in wonder, he saw the saints hanging upside down from it and making mistakes
Realizing that if the branch fell, the sages would be killed, the mighty man held the elephant and the tortoise tighter
Fearing that the sages would be killed, and wishing to save them, he raised the branch with his legs and wings.
The great sages were amazed at what even the gods could not do and gave the mighty bird a name
"The valagilyars said," "He is the first of the birds to eat snakes, and the heavier burden he carries, the higher with his wings, hence the name 'Garuda'" ""
With his wings shaking the mountains, he flew in peace
When he climbed up with the elephant and the tortoise, he looked down at the various parts below
He wanted to save the Volgiliers and found no place to sit
Finally, he went to the top of the mountains, Mount Kandhamal
There he saw his father who was engaged in penance with dedication
The skydiver, who was in the divine form, who could not be conquered by the gods, the powerful, the strong and the strong, the wind, the passionate, who was as big as the mountain, who was ready to strike like the curse of the Brahman, who could not understand, who could not describe, who scared all life, who had great power, who could not be conquered by the gods, by the demons, by the fire, who split the mountain, who could drink the ocean, who could destroy all the three worlds, who was as fierce as his son, who could not stand the sight of his mother.
The famous cashier, who noticed that he was getting closer to him, knew his purpose
Cashier, oh, you freak! Don't do something that you don't investigate.
If you do, you will suffer.
"" "These valkyries, who are alive after drinking the sun's rays, will tear you apart if you are angry"
"Saudi continued," "In order to appease the well - known valkyriyas by burning their sins by the scoundrels, the grocer, for the sake of his son, said to them," "O you who possess spirituality, the works of the gardener, the acts of all living beings." ""
"" "It's a difficult task"
He asked me to give him permission.
The Saudi continued, and the monks, who had been requested by the famous leper, left the branch and went to the holy Himalayas to compose their sermons
"When the sages were gone, the son of the ascetic, holding the branch in his mouth, asked his father, Gachir," "Oh, my lord, where will I throw the branch of this tree?" ""
Cassieber spoke of a mountain where ordinary creatures could not even approach, with caves and snowcapped valleys
The great eagle carried a branch, an elephant, and a tortoise and flew toward the mountain
Even if he built the big tree trunk with a hundred pieces of leather, he would not be able to build it around
With the King of Birds, Garuda, he flew over a hundred thousand plans in a very short time
The skydiver, in a second, followed his father's direction and reached the mountain and dropped the giant branch
It fell with a bang.
The prince of the mountains was shaken by a storm that struck with the wings of the eagle
Trees and plants are being felled.
The peaks, adorned with jewels and gold, collapsed on all sides
The falling branch fell on the trees with golden flowers in the midst of the dark leafy clusters, like the lightening clouds
The trees, which glow like gold, fell, were dyed with mountain metals and glowed like they bathed in the sun
Then, with the best of the birds, black, sitting on the top of the mountain, he had an elephant and a tortoise, and left the mountain and flew at great speed
Various bad omens appeared and frightened the gods
Indra's favourite diamond weapon sparkles with fear
The meteorites from the sky fell with fire and smoke during the day
The weapons of the Vasus, the Rudras, the Aadiyas, the Sabaeans, the Doctors and other Gods have spent their power within themselves
Such a thing has never happened even during the Devasura war
Lightning kills thousands of people
Though the sky was cloudy, it was drizzling
God showers blood on the gods
The garlands around the necks of the gods faded away
Brutal clouds and heavy rain
The dust created by the breeze of Brihaspati reduced the glory of the crowns of the gods to fading
And when he saw these evil things, he, and the gods that were with him, were confounded with fear, and said unto him, O thou that art worthy of worship, wherefore then are these natural calamities risen up all of a sudden, and have found no foe in the war to overcome us?
Brahaspati, O Lord of the Gods, O the one who performed a thousand prayers, your error, inattention and the spiritual mistake of the great sage Valagilya are the reasons for all this
The son of Cassiper and Vindoi, a powerful astronaut and enclosing the image, is on his way to capture Soma
The bird is one of the most powerful birds in the world and can make you feel lazy.
He can do everything.
He can achieve what he cannot
"" "On hearing these words, Indra plans to rob Amudha from the guards of Amudha, a bird of great strength and power," "Saudi continued."
He must not steal it, so I warn you in advance.
"" "Brahaspati told me that he has immense power"
The gods were surprised to hear this and took safety measures
They stood around the mast.
Indra, a great warrior and a diamond merchant, stood with them
The deities wore jewels of gold and golden armour, and armlets of solid and shiny leather
The mighty Gods wore a variety of weapons with different pointed and terrifying figures
All those unnumbered weapons blazed fire and smoke
They wore many wheels, iron rods with pointed ends, trident and war axes, different types of sharp knives, shining wads, and cruel weapons
The gods waited there, wearing bright weapons and divine ornaments, illuminated and allayed their fears
The gods with their unmatched strength, power and brilliance were determined to protect Amum
They looked like fire, capable of destroying the cities of the Asuras
Since the gods stood there with hundreds of thousands of iron stories, the place was like another sky shone with the rays of the sun

Sonakar, son of Sood, what was the fault of Indra?
And Saudi, what you're asking for is really mythology.
Oh my God, I will tell you everything in detail.
Once upon a time, Casiaphar, the chief of the living creatures, prayed for a son and was helped by the sages, the gods and the Kandars
Casiapar commissioned Indra, along with the monks Valkyrie and other gods, to bring in the fuel needed for the procession
Lord Indra carried the weight of the mountain according to his strength, without any difficulty
On the way, he saw the sages of Valagilya, who had the size of a thumb, carrying a stick of palazza leaves
The sages were so skinny without food that their bodies were hidden inside their bodies.
"" "They were so weak that they had to struggle so much as to drown in the stagnant water in the hole created by the cows' hooves on the way"
And the prodigal, proud of his power, not only went over their heads, but also looked at them, and laughed at them.
With great anger and pain, these disgraced sages organised a big procession to scare Indra
Crossing the head is still viewed as an act of disrespect
Hear, O Sona, and let the saints, the wise, and the noble, fast, and do their pleasure, and leave the pure butter on the candlestick, and cry aloud:
May there be another Indra who can go to any place of his choice, who can achieve as much power as he wishes, and who can frighten the lord of the existing gods.
They said that as a result of our sins, a man should appear to be swift and fierce.
Hearing this, the chief of the gods, who had made a thousand fasts, sought refuge with a man who was full of fear,
Kashibar, the king of Prajapati, asked Indra for everything and went to the valagilyars and asked them if their mission was successful
"Those sages who speak the truth said," "Let it happen as you say." ""
The lord of all three worlds, Lord Brahma, is the lord of all three worlds
Monks, you too are trying to produce another Indra! Great people, it is better for you not to lie to the words of Brahma
Do not let this effort go in vain
Let a man appear to be the Indra of the mighty and winged creatures.
"Have mercy on this humble Indra who is standing before you." ""
This request was made by the Gachibowli, and they began to speak to Prajapati Gachiyar, the chief of the sages, with respect
"" "VALGYALIYAR, O Prajapati, all of us do this for a Indra, who is actually born as your son."
We leave it to you.
They said they would do whatever was right and good in the matter
Then, because of her desire for children, her fasting, her bathing, her cleansing, and the right time for a relationship, she approached her leader.
The cacieber said to her, Respected, my service has now borne fruit.
You will get what you want.
You will have two brave sons, the leaders of the three worlds.
"" "With the pure purpose of my mission and the saintliness of the valkyars, those sons will be highly respected and worthy of worship by the world." ""
The famous gasifier once again asked her to carry these holy seeds with utmost care.
These two are the leaders of all living beings.
"" "These brave astronauts will be respected by all three worlds," "he said"
Pleased with what happened, Prajapati said to Indra, who had prayed a thousand times, You will get two brothers of great strength and courage to help you
They will not harm you.
Let your grief be over and you will be the leader of everyone.
Never ever again, demean those who pronounce the name of Lord Brahma
"" "Don't insult anyone who speaks such words like a thunderbolt and anger," "he said"
Upon hearing this, Indra gave up his fear and went to Devaloka
She was very happy that she had achieved her goal.
Arunan, who was born with a weak body, stood as a driver for the sun
Garudon was given the leadership of the birds
O progenitor of Brugu, listen to Garudon's great achievements carefully.
